Add rootless (alpine) images (#4617)
woodpecker-ci/woodpecker: docs/docs/30-administration/04-image-variants.md

# Image variants

:::info
The `latest` tag has been deprecated as of v3.0 and will be completely removed in the future.
This was done to prevent accidental major version upgrades.
:::

> - `vX.Y.Z`: Sem-ver tags for specific releases, no entrypoint shell (scratch image)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `vX.Y.Z`: SemVer tags for specific releases, no entrypoint shell (scratch image)
```

  - `vX.Y`
  - `vX`

> - `vX.Y.Z-alpine`: Sem-ver tags for specific releases, based on Alpine, rootless (as of v3.0).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `vX.Y.Z-alpine`: SemVer tags for specific releases, based on Alpine, rootless (as of v3.0).
```
